feat: english curriculum block 7 (#58015)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-conditionals/67864288ddcab97c35fa8955.md

`TechCorp on the Brink: A Collapse That Could Shake the Industry`

`The possible collapse of TechCorp, a big company in the tech industry, has caused serious worries. If the company goes out of business, it could cause big problems for the whole sector. TechCorp partners with numerous firms, and its closure would stop key projects and lead to many job losses.`

`Smaller companies that depend on TechCorp's funding would be particularly vulnerable. Without that support, many could struggle to survive. While new investments could help, it doesn't seem very likely.`

`For now, the industry waits anxiously, hoping for a change that could stop more problems from spreading.`

What solution does the article mention for saving TechCorp?

## --answers--

New investments

---

Government intervention

### --feedback--

The article does not mention government intervention as a solution.

---

Cutting its partnerships

### --feedback--

The article does not suggest that cutting partnerships would save TechCorp.

---

Layoffs

### --feedback--

While the article mentions layoffs as a potential consequence, it does not present them as a solution.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

> The article mentions `new investments` as a potential solution to save TechCorp. However, it also states that the likelihood of this happening seems slim, reflecting the uncertain future of the company.

Author: ```suggestion
The article mentions `new investments` as a potential solution to save TechCorp. However, it also states that it doesn't seem very likely, reflecting the uncertain future of the company.
```
